Hey boys!
Hi Betty, hi Ling Ling, where are you going?
We're going to the park to skate.
There's thick ice on the lake.
Are you coming with us?
Are you joking?
It's really cold today.
And it's cloudy too.
So it might snow.
What's the temperature?
It's between minus 8 and minus 2 degrees.
The temperature is colder here than in England.
Is it snowy in England in December?
Not usually.
Although this year it snowed quite a lot.
Most December's a wet and rainy.
What's the weather like in America in Winter Betty?
We have cold winters and hot summers.
It's snowy in New York in Winter.
Sounds great.
I like sunny weather and I like snow as well.
I don't like showers or windy weather.
Me neither.
Rainy weather is terrible.
I wish I were in Australia now.
It's probably sunny and hot there.
You can go to High Nigh Island if you like sunny weather.
One day I will.
Come on, better get going.
We can skate in the park and get warm.